Read Me Tweaks (#120)
fusionspim/monolog-logdna: README.md

# Mezmo/LogDNA handler for Monolog

This library provides a simple Monolog handler for [Mezmo](https://www.mezmo.com/) (previously LogDNA) [ingestion API](https://docs.mezmo.com/log-analysis-api/ref#ingest). 

## Compatibility

This package aims to be compatible with the latest version of Laravel, which currently means supporting:

* PHP 8
* Laravel 9
* Monolog 2

> There is an alternative [package recommended by Mezmo](https://github.com/nvanheuverzwijn/monolog-logdna) but this only appears to support PHP 8 with Monolog 3 and Monolog 2 with PHP 7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an alternative [package recommended by Mezmo](https://github.com/nvanheuverzwijn/monolog-logdna) but this only appears to support PHP 8 with Monolog 3, or PHP 7 Monolog 2 - i.e. PHP 8 with Monolog 2 isn't supported.
```
